Markdown package improvements (#1954)
snowpackjs/astro: docs/src/pages/guides/markdown-content.md

Astro comes with out-of-the-box Markdown support powered by the expansive [remark](https://remark.js.org/) ecosystem.

## Parsers

> Astro let you use any Markdown parser you want. It just need to be a function that follows the `MarkdownParser` type declared inside [this file](https://github.com/snowpackjs/astro/blob/latest/packages/astro/src/@types/astro.ts). You can declare it inside `astro.config.mjs`:

Reviewer: nit: tiny changes

```suggestion
Astro lets you use any Markdown parser you want. It just needs to be a function that follows the `MarkdownParser` type declared inside [this file](https://github.com/snowpackjs/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/@types/astro.ts). You can declare it inside `astro.config.mjs`:
```
